---
layout: post
author: Ebun
---
 
 <h1>Why I have chosen to pursue a Computer science degree.<h1>

        Before I started my college degree, it was a difficult situation to select my major. I knew I wanted to 
        do something in science but also related to technology. Then I knew my decision was narrowed but my options 
        were still broad. I finally chose Computer Science, it was like a father to the various branches of computer 
        science and this let me keep my options open. Thinking about data, it is basically facts and statistics 
        collected together for reference or analysis. I love the idea of being able to analyze, manage facts, organize 
        these statistics, and process them to be reliable and quality. To me an essential characteristic that is 
        needed in my field is excellence. Excellence is important to me because it enables you to get the job done 
        precisely and efficiently. It is a quality that yields professional success. Another quality is drive, it's 
        the bedrock of all success. When a person has the drive, it shows that one has purpose and has the determination
        to work harder than most and make sure things get done. Excellence and drive go hand in hand. You drive with 
        purpose and align with excellence. A key personal characteristic is passion. It is always important to have 
        passion for your job even before deciding to work. It's your passion that will get you to succeed.
<br>
        Being an African student pursuing a degree in the 21st century is, so to say, not all gold and roses. It can 
        be tasking, from going to college and pursuing a degree that most females don't pursue, to actually graduating. 
        Growing up in a country like Nigeria where women don't usually participate actively in the system, especially 
        the technological aspect, it doesn't really motivate females to get involved. But the world is developing and 
        advancing in every area and I hope to be a part of it. If women are under-represented as technology developers 
        and sophisticated users, we will be left behind in tomorrow's world. I want to make a change and be a leader 
        that impacts. I chose this to pursue this field because it speaks to me and urges me to bask in my uniqueness. 
        I am breaking the systemic inequality and developing a new stereotype.
<br>
        In life, we all aspire to be successful, but in all these, it's the road that leads to success that's the most 
        important. My career goal is to be a successful woman in tech. I'm still quite uncertain on my actual specialization 
        in technology, but I know that with time it will fall into place. My goal is to be one of the influential women 
        that uses technology to enhance the development of the world. I also want to use my knowledge to educate and bring 
        up the future leaders of tomorrow by establishing a firm that is involved in skill acquisition and enriching lives. 
        My path to achieve these goals is what matters. The first step to achieve them is dedication/devotion, then comes 
        integrity- it is key in every profession. My next step is hard work. With time, more steps will be encountered to 
        enable me to achieve these goals.
<br>
        Being selected for the scholarship is a major step in achieving my dream to impact the fast development in 
        technology among women in my country and the world. This would not only broaden my horizon but also allow me to 
        learn more about my field, and discover how I can further better my career.
        
        

    